feat: split the contribute to mathlib page in two (#846)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: templates/contribute/how-to-contribute.md

# How to contribute to mathlib

Here are some tips and tricks

> to make the process of contributing as smooth as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains what to do and expect when making a contribution to mathlib.
Even if you are an experienced Git user, please check the steps below because we explain the particular conventions for mathlib pull requests.
```

* Use [Zulip](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/) to
   discuss your contribution before and while you are working on it.
* Create a GitHub account and add your GitHub username to your Zulip profile, using [the personal settings panel](https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#settings/profile).

> We also strongly encourage setting your display name on Zulip to be your real name.

Author: ```suggestion
  We also strongly encourage setting your display name on Zulip to be your real name.
```

* If you are moving or deleting declarations, please include these lines at the bottom of the commit message
(that is, before the `---`) using the following format:

Moves:
- Vector.* -> Mathlib.Vector.*
- ...

Deletions:
- Nat.bit1_add_bit1
- ...

Any other comments you want to keep out of the PR commit should go
below the `---`.

## Lifecycle of a PR

Many reviewers use the [review queue](../queueboard/review_dashboard.html) to identify PRs that are ready for review.
The instructions below will ensure that your PR appears on that queue; if it doesn't appear there it may not receive much attention.
Everyone is also invited to regularly look at the queue (it is linkified as `#queueboard` on Zulip), and write reviews of PRs within their expertise.
You can check if your [PR is on the queue](../queueboard/on_the_queue.html), and if not, what is needed to get it on.

The review queue is controlled by GitHub "labels".
On the main page for a PR, on the right-hand side,
there should be a sidebar with panels "reviewers", "assignees", "labels", etc.
Click on the "labels" header to add or remove labels from the current project.

> Labels can only be edited directly by "GitHub collaborators", which is approximately the same as "people who have write access".

Reviewer: Update this?

> Labels can only be edited directly by "GitHub collaborators", which is approximately the same as "people who have write access".

Author: ```suggestion
Labels can only be edited directly by "GitHub collaborators" (which are experienced contributors).
```

> Labels can only be edited directly by "GitHub collaborators" (which are experienced contributors).

Reviewer: English language nit: "which" only applies to things, babies and children.

```suggestion
Labels can only be edited directly by "GitHub collaborators" (who are experienced contributors).
```

However, anyone can add/remove the labels below by writing the following commands in a comment on the PR (each on its own line):
- `awaiting-author` will add the **"awaiting-author"** label
- `-awaiting-author` will remove the **"awaiting-author"** label
- `awaiting-zulip` will add the **"awaiting-zulip"** label
- `-awaiting-zulip` will remove the **"awaiting-zulip"** label. Use this once a decision has been reached and has been implemented.
- `WIP` will add the **"WIP"** label
- `-WIP` will remove the **"WIP"** label
- `easy` will add the **"easy"** label
- `-easy` will remove the **"easy"** label
- `help-wanted`, `-help-wanted`, `please-adopt`, `-please-adopt` can be used to mark a PR in need of external input.

> - Similarly, the labels for use by contributors upstreaming work from the downstream projects **brownian**, **carleson**, **CFT**, **FLT**, **infinity-cosmos**, **sphere-packing** and **toric** can also be added and removed in the same way.

Author: ```suggestion
- The labels for use by contributors upstreaming work from the downstream projects **brownian**, **carleson**, **CFT**, **FLT**, **infinity-cosmos**, **sphere-packing** and **toric** can be added and removed in the same way.
```

Author: Just rewording suggestions
